WRO-11780: Fix `showName` property related warning (#35)
enactjs/storybook-utils: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fixed `showName` warning by changing `title` property to `name` value in `addons/controls/control.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `showName` warning by changing `title` property to `name` value in the controls addon.
```
